Versioning Docs: Getting Started Blue-Green (#6199)
temporalio/temporal: docs/worker-versioning.md

[Add an assignment rule](#update-rules-using-cli) targeting your Build ID to send 1% of new
tasks to your versioned worker.
```shell
temporal task-queue versioning insert-assignment-rule --task-queue my-tq --build-id $BUILD_ID --percentage 1
```
Once this rule is created, 1% of tasks from new workflow executions will be sent to the versioned
worker that you started above. The remaining 99% of new workflow executions will be assigned to the default
Build ID, which is the first Build ID in the assignment rule list that has a ramp of 100%, or unversioned
if no such rule exists.

### 5. Monitor workflows running on the new version and confirm success
You can check the progress of workflows filtered by Build ID like this:
```shell
temporal workflow list --query "BuildIds = 'assigned:$BUILD_ID'"
```

### 6. Commit the Build ID to make it the new default version
This will atomically delete the partially-ramped rule you added in step 4 and replace it with
a rule with 100% ramp.
```shell
temporal task-queue versioning commit-build-id --task-queue my-tq --build-id $BUILD_ID
```
See the `--help` output for more details:
```shell

> % temporal task-queue versioning commit-build-id --help

Reviewer: Looks like missing a ``` after this shell command, and remove the one from below?

> Completes  the rollout of a BuildID and cleanup unnecessary rules possibly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Completes  the rollout of a BuildID and cleans up unnecessary rules possibly
```

created during a gradual rollout. Specifically, this command will make the
following changes atomically:
	1. Adds an unconditional assignment rule for the target Build ID at the end of the list.
	2. Removes all previously added assignment rules to the given target Build ID.
	3. Removes any unconditional assignment rules for other Build IDs.

To prevent committing invalid Build IDs, we reject the request if no pollers
have been seen recently for this Build ID. Use the force option to disable this validation.
```

### 7. Wait until the old workers are not needed
Check the reachability of your old version. Now that all new workflow executions are assigned to the new Build ID,
your old worker (that was running in step 0) will not receive any tasks from new workflow executions. Running workflow
executions will send their outstanding tasks to workers with the version that the workflow execution is assigned to 

> (barring other instructions via [Redirect Rules](#redirect-rules)), so in most cases, a worker is no longer needed 
> after the reachability status transitions from `REACHABLE` to `CLOSED_WORKFLOWS_ONLY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(barring other instructions via [Redirect Rules](#redirect-rules)).  Unless your application performs queries to closed workflows, a worker is no longer needed after the reachability status transitions from `REACHABLE` to `CLOSED_WORKFLOWS_ONLY`.
```

```shell
temporal task-queue describe --task-queue my-tq --select-build-id $OLD_BUILD_ID --report-reachability
```

Note: Set `OLD_BUILD_ID` to your previous default version, or to the empty string if your previous default was unversioned.
If you omit the `--select-build-id` flag, results for the current default Build ID will be returned.

### 8. Decommission the previous versioned worker

> After the reachability status for your old version and task queue is `CLOSED_WORKFLOWS_ONLY` you can safely 
> decommission your old worker(s). See [Build ID Reachability](#build-id-reachability) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless your application can query closed workflows, after the reachability status for your old version and task queue is `CLOSED_WORKFLOWS_ONLY` you can safely decommission your old worker(s). 
See [Build ID Reachability](#build-id-reachability) for more details.
```
